applications: nrf5340_audio: Use file suffix for nrf5340_audio DFU (#15907)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf5340_audio/doc/fota.rst

Configuring FOTA upgrades
*************************

> The nRF5340 Audio applications have a FOTA build type that includes the required features and applications to perform FW upgrades over BLE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF5340 Audio applications have a FOTA build type that includes the required features and applications to perform firmware upgrades over Bluetooth LE.
```

> The build type requires that an external flash is available, and the required DTS overlay files to use the external flash shield specified in the requirements above is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build type requires that an external flash is available, and the required DTS overlay files to use the external flash shield specified are provided.
```

> With the external flash connected it is possible to upgrade both application core and network core at the same time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the external flash connected it is possible to upgrade both application core and network core at the same time, which is strongly recommended.
```

> With the external flash connected it is possible to upgrade both application core and network core at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the external flash connected, it is possible to upgrade both application core and network core at the same time.
```

See :ref:`multi-image DFU <ug_nrf5340_multi_image_dfu>` for more information about the process.

> .. caution::
>    Using the single-image upgrade strategy carries risk of the device being in a state where the application core firmware and network core firmware are no longer compatible, which can result in a bricked device.
>    For devices where FOTA is the only DFU method available, multi-image upgrades are recommended to ensure compatibility between the cores.
>    Make sure to evaluate the risks for your device when selecting the FOTA method.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. caution::
   Using the single-image upgrade strategy carries risk of the device being in a state where the application core firmware and the network core firmware are no longer compatible, which can result in a bricked device.
   For devices where FOTA is the only DFU method available, multi-image upgrades are recommended to ensure compatibility between the cores.
   Make sure to evaluate the risks for your device when selecting the FOTA method.
```

.. caution::
   The application is provided with a memory partition configuration in :file:`pm_static_fota.yml`, which is required to perform FOTA using an external flash.

>    The partition configuration is an example that can be changed between versions, which can be incompatible with existing devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The partition configuration is an example that can be changed between versions, and can be incompatible with existing devices.
```

>    For this reason you should always create a partition configuration that suits your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For this reason, always create a partition configuration that suits your application.
```

>    For this reason you should always create a partition configuration that suits your application.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   For this reason, always create a partition configuration that suits your application.
```
